extremely cautious conditions
difficult for those next hours
with this disruption that goes back
from Spain that brings sweeter air
which also brings rains is at
cold air contact and well this is going
give in the course of the afternoon
and mainly in the early afternoon
freezing rain from the center to
on the bourgogne the franche comté
all of this will then win
seine-et-marne northern Alsace
we will then obviously find
from the evening and the night
next and a lot of snow on these
same regions over the entire southern half
found this afternoon a lot of rain
supported around the Mediterranean
with a lot of snow wind
obviously on all the reliefs
it's a little quieter this after
noon like this morning besides on the
north west temperature values
which goes back a little bit so with this
look a little sweeter that happen
from Spain beating even up to 15
degrees to biarritz it will only make two
degrees to paris - 1 to lille 0 to
strasbourg so cautious for these
next few hours the episode is not
completed since with the decline of
temperatures it's rain that happens on
the northern regions will transform themselves
in snow from the evening of the
night and so tomorrow's day we
will find his snowfall on
all regions a little bit more to
west this disturbance that undulate
on the country then on Alsace on the
frank county it will be rain and
mixed snow we will always find
sustained rains on the extreme south east
and on Corsica
about the snow on the episode on
still waiting 5 to 10 cm extra
which are already added to the
cumulatively already observed temperatures for
tomorrow afternoon values that are going
drop a little bit on the regions of
South
they will range from -3 to 14
degrees - 3 Lille 0 to Paris 14 degrees
for ajaccio and then for the day of
Monday a new disturbance will happen
from the west on entering the lands
and well in contact with the cold air she
will turn into freezing rain or
in snow for the day of Tuesday to
new wells to the west and everywhere
elsewhere still some flakes but
after this episode we would have found
conditions a little quieter on
the whole country